Docs: Add information about Graphite/Loki integration (#33916)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/graphite.md

    jsonData:
      graphiteVersion: "1.1"
```

## Integration with Loki

Graphite queries are automatically converted to Loki queries when the data source changes in Explore. Loki label names and values are extracted from Graphite queries according to mappings provided in Graphite data source configuration. Queries using tags with `seriesByTags()` are transformed automatically without any extra setup.

> Please check Graphite data source settings for more details.

Author: > Refer to the Graphite data source settings for more details.

There's a help section in data source configuration page in the application. I wanted to suggest checking it for more info and examples:

![info](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/745532/117832366-b73bcf00-b275-11eb-99ab-dd4b657f4495.gif)

> Refer to the Graphite data source settings for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to Graphite data source documentation for more details.
```
